Skip Navigation

[ ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/)

  * [ Contact Sales  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/contact-azure-sales/ "Contact Sales")
  *   * Search 
  * [ Search  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/search/)
  * [ My account ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/account/ "My account")
  * [ Portal ](https://portal.azure.com/ "Portal")
  * [ Sign in ](/auth/signin/?loginProvider=Microsoft&redirectUri=%2Fen-us%2F "Sign in")
  *   * 

  * [ Sales:  ](tel:) : [ Find a local number ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/sales-number/ "Find a local number")
  * [ My account ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/account/ "My account")
  * [ Portal ](https://portal.azure.com/ "Portal")
  * [ Sign in ](/auth/signin/?loginProvider=Microsoft&redirectUri=%2Fen-us%2F "Sign in")
  * [ Free account ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/ "Free account")
  * [ Overview ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/ "Overview")
  * [ Solutions ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/ "Solutions")
  * Products 
    *       * Featured  Featured  Explore some of the most popular Azure products 
        * [ Virtual Machines  Provision Windows and Linux virtual machines in seconds  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-machines/ "Virtual Machines")
        * [ Windows Virtual Desktop  The best virtual desktop experience, delivered on Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-desktop/ "Windows Virtual Desktop")
        * [ Azure SQL  Managed, always up-to-date SQL instance in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sql/ "Azure SQL")
        * [ App Service  Quickly create powerful cloud apps for web and mobile  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/ "App Service")
        * [ Azure Cosmos DB  Fast NoSQL database with open APIs for any scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cosmos-db/ "Azure Cosmos DB")
        * [ PlayFab  The complete LiveOps back-end platform for building and operating live games  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/playfab/ "PlayFab")
        * [ Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\)  Simplify the deployment, management, and operations of Kubernetes  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/ "Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\)")
        * [ Azure Functions  Process events with serverless code  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/ "Azure Functions")
        * [ Azure Cognitive Services  Add smart API capabilities to enable contextual interactions  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cognitive-services/ "Azure Cognitive Services")
        * [ Azure Quantum  Experience quantum impact today on Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-gb/services/quantum/ "Azure Quantum")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#featured "See more")
      * AI + Machine Learning  [ AI + Machine Learning ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/ai-platform/ "AI + Machine Learning") Create the next generation of applications using artificial intelligence capabilities for any developer and any scenario 
        * [ Azure Cognitive Services  Add smart API capabilities to enable contextual interactions  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cognitive-services/ "Azure Cognitive Services")
        * [ Azure Bot Services  Intelligent, serverless bot services that scale on demand  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/bot-services/ "Azure Bot Services")
        * [ Machine Learning  Build, train, and deploy models from the cloud to the edge  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/machine-learning/ "Machine Learning")
        * [ Azure Databricks  Fast, easy, and collaborative Apache Spark-based analytics platform  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/databricks/ "Azure Databricks")
        * [ Azure Cognitive Search  AI-powered cloud search service for mobile and web app development  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/ "Azure Cognitive Search")
        * [ Azure Percept  Accelerate edge intelligence from silicon to service  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-percept/ "Azure Percept")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#ai-machine-learning "See more")
      * Analytics  [ Analytics ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/analytics/ "Analytics") Gather, store, process, analyze, and visualize data of any variety, volume, or velocity 
        * [ Azure Synapse Analytics  Limitless analytics service with unmatched time to insight  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/synapse-analytics/ "Azure Synapse Analytics")
        * [ Azure Databricks  Fast, easy, and collaborative Apache Spark-based analytics platform  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/databricks/ "Azure Databricks")
        * [ Azure Purview  Maximize business value with unified data governance  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/purview/ "Azure Purview")
        * [ Azure Data Factory  Hybrid data integration at enterprise scale, made easy  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/data-factory/ "Azure Data Factory")
        * [ HDInsight  Provision cloud Hadoop, Spark, R Server, HBase, and Storm clusters  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/hdinsight/ "HDInsight")
        * [ Azure Stream Analytics  Real-time analytics on fast moving streams of data from applications and devices  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/stream-analytics/ "Azure Stream Analytics")
        * [ Machine Learning  Build, train, and deploy models from the cloud to the edge  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/machine-learning/ "Machine Learning")
        * [ Azure Analysis Services  Enterprise-grade analytics engine as a service  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/analysis-services/ "Azure Analysis Services")
        * [ Azure Data Lake Storage  Massively scalable, secure data lake functionality built on Azure Blob Storage  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/data-lake-storage/ "Azure Data Lake Storage")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#analytics "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#analytics "See more")
      * Blockchain  Blockchain  Build and manage blockchain based applications with a suite of integrated tools 
        * [ Azure Blockchain Service  Build, govern, and expand consortium blockchain networks  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/blockchain-service/ "Azure Blockchain Service")
        * [ Azure Blockchain Workbench  Easily prototype blockchain apps in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/blockchain-workbench/ "Azure Blockchain Workbench")
        * [ Azure Logic Apps  Automate the access and use of data across clouds without writing code  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/ "Azure Logic Apps")
        * [ Azure Cosmos DB  Fast NoSQL database with open APIs for any scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cosmos-db/ "Azure Cosmos DB")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#blockchain "See more")
      * Compute  [ Compute ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/compute/ "Compute") Access cloud compute capacity and scale on demand—and only pay for the resources you use 
        * [ Virtual Machines  Provision Windows and Linux virtual machines in seconds  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-machines/ "Virtual Machines")
        * [ Virtual Machine Scale Sets  Manage and scale up to thousands of Linux and Windows virtual machines  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-machine-scale-sets/ "Virtual Machine Scale Sets")
        * [ Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\)  Simplify the deployment, management, and operations of Kubernetes  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/ "Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\)")
        * [ Azure Spring Cloud  A fully managed Spring Cloud service, jointly built and operated with VMware  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/spring-cloud/ "Azure Spring Cloud")
        * [ App Service  Quickly create powerful cloud apps for web and mobile  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/ "App Service")
        * [ Azure Functions  Process events with serverless code  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/ "Azure Functions")
        * [ Azure Dedicated Host  A dedicated physical server to host your Azure VMs for Windows and Linux  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-machines/dedicated-host/ "Azure Dedicated Host")
        * [ Batch  Cloud-scale job scheduling and compute management  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/batch/ "Batch")
        * [ SQL Server on Virtual Machines  Host enterprise SQL Server apps in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-machines/sql-server/ "SQL Server on Virtual Machines")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#compute "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#compute "See more")
      * Containers  [ Containers ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/containers/ "Containers") Develop and manage your containerized applications faster with integrated tools 
        * [ Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\)  Simplify the deployment, management, and operations of Kubernetes  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/ "Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\)")
        * [ Container Instances  Easily run containers on Azure without managing servers  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-instances/ "Container Instances")
        * [ Service Fabric  Develop microservices and orchestrate containers on Windows or Linux  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/service-fabric/ "Service Fabric")
        * [ Container Registry  Store and manage container images across all types of Azure deployments  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/container-registry/ "Container Registry")
        * [ Web App for Containers  Easily deploy and run containerized web apps that scale with your business  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/containers/ "Web App for Containers")
        * [ Azure Functions  Process events with serverless code  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/functions/ "Azure Functions")
        * [ Azure Red Hat OpenShift  Fully managed OpenShift service, jointly operated with Red Hat  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/openshift/ "Azure Red Hat OpenShift")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#containers "See more")
      * Databases  [ Databases ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/databases/ "Databases") Support rapid growth and innovate faster with secure, enterprise-grade, and fully managed database services 
        * [ Azure SQL  Managed, always up-to-date SQL instance in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sql/ "Azure SQL")
        * [ Azure Cosmos DB  Fast NoSQL database with open APIs for any scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cosmos-db/ "Azure Cosmos DB")
        * [ Azure SQL Database  Managed, intelligent SQL in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/sql-database/ "Azure SQL Database")
        * [ Azure Database for PostgreSQL  Fully managed, intelligent, and scalable PostgreSQL  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/postgresql/ "Azure Database for PostgreSQL")
        * [ Azure SQL Managed Instance  Managed, always up-to-date SQL instance in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sql/sql-managed-instance/ "Azure SQL Managed Instance")
        * [ Azure Database for MySQL  Fully managed, scalable MySQL Database  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/mysql/ "Azure Database for MySQL")
        * [ SQL Server on Virtual Machines  Host enterprise SQL Server apps in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-machines/sql-server/ "SQL Server on Virtual Machines")
        * [ Azure Cache for Redis  Accelerate applications with high-throughput, low-latency data caching  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cache/ "Azure Cache for Redis")
        * [ Azure Database Migration Service  Simplify on-premises database migration to the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/database-migration/ "Azure Database Migration Service")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#databases "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#databases "See more")
      * DevOps  [ DevOps ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/devops/ "DevOps") Deliver innovation faster with simple, reliable tools for continuous delivery 
        * [ Azure DevOps  Services for teams to share code, track work, and ship software  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/ "Azure DevOps")
        * [ Azure Pipelines  Continuously build, test, and deploy to any platform and cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/pipelines/ "Azure Pipelines")
        * [ Azure Boards  Plan, track, and discuss work across your teams  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/boards/ "Azure Boards")
        * [ Azure Repos  Get unlimited, cloud-hosted private Git repos for your project  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/repos/ "Azure Repos")
        * [ Azure Artifacts  Create, host, and share packages with your team  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/artifacts/ "Azure Artifacts")
        * [ Azure Test Plans  Test and ship with confidence with a manual and exploratory testing toolkit  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/test-plans/ "Azure Test Plans")
        * [ Azure DevTest Labs  Quickly create environments using reusable templates and artifacts  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devtest-lab/ "Azure DevTest Labs")
        * [ DevOps tool integrations  Use your favorite DevOps tools with Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/devops-tool-integrations/ "DevOps tool integrations")
        * [ Azure Monitor  Full observability into your applications, infrastructure, and network  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/monitor/ "Azure Monitor")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#devops "See more")
      * Developer Tools  [ Developer Tools ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/developer-tools/ "Developer Tools") Build, manage, and continuously deliver cloud applications—using any platform or language 
        * [ Visual Studio  The powerful and flexible environment for developing applications in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/visual-studio/ "Visual Studio")
        * [ Visual Studio Code  A powerful, lightweight code editor for cloud development  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/visual-studio-code/ "Visual Studio Code")
        * [ GitHub and Azure  World’s leading developer platform, seamlessly integrated with Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/github/ "GitHub and Azure")
        * [ Visual Studio Subscriptions  Access Visual Studio, Azure credits, Azure DevOps, and many other resources for creating, deploying, and managing applications.  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/developer-tools/visual-studio-subscriptions/ "Visual Studio Subscriptions")
        * [ Power Apps  A powerful, low-code platform for building apps quickly  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/powerapps/ "Power Apps")
        * [ SDKs  Get the SDKs and command-line tools you need  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/downloads/ "SDKs")
        * [ Visual Studio App Center  Continuously build, test, release, and monitor your mobile and desktop apps  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-center/ "Visual Studio App Center")
        * [ Azure Monitor  Full observability into your applications, infrastructure, and network  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/monitor/ "Azure Monitor")
        * [ App Configuration  Fast, scalable parameter storage for app configuration  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-configuration/ "App Configuration")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#developer-tools "See more")
      * Hybrid + Multicloud  [ Hybrid + Multicloud ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/hybrid-cloud-app/ "Hybrid + Multicloud") Get Azure innovation everywhere—bring the agility and innovation of cloud computing to your on-premises workloads. 
        * [ Azure Arc  Extend Azure management and services anywhere  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-arc/ "Azure Arc")
        * [ Azure Sentinel  Put cloud-native SIEM and intelligent security analytics to work to help protect your enterprise  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sentinel/ "Azure Sentinel")
        * [ Azure Stack  Build and run innovative hybrid applications across cloud boundaries  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/azure-stack/ "Azure Stack")
        * [ Security Center  Unify security management and enable advanced threat protection across hybrid cloud workloads  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/security-center/ "Security Center")
        * [ Azure ExpressRoute  Dedicated private network fiber connections to Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/expressroute/ "Azure ExpressRoute")
        * [ Azure Active Directory  Synchronize on-premises directories and enable single sign-on  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/ "Azure Active Directory")
        * [ Azure SQL  Managed, always up-to-date SQL instance in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sql/ "Azure SQL")
        * [ Azure DevOps  Services for teams to share code, track work, and ship software  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/devops/ "Azure DevOps")
        * [ Azure Database for PostgreSQL  Fully managed, intelligent, and scalable PostgreSQL  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/postgresql/ "Azure Database for PostgreSQL")
        * [ Azure IoT Edge  Extend cloud intelligence and analytics to edge devices managed by Azure IoT Hub  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/iot-edge/ "Azure IoT Edge")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#hybrid-multicloud "See more")
      * Identity  [ Identity ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/identity/ "Identity") Manage user identities and access to protect against advanced threats across devices, data, apps, and infrastructure 
        * [ Azure Active Directory  Synchronize on-premises directories and enable single sign-on  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/ "Azure Active Directory")
        * [ Azure Active Directory External Identities  Consumer identity and access management in the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/external-identities/ "Azure Active Directory External Identities")
        * [ Azure Active Directory Domain Services  Join Azure virtual machines to a domain without domain controllers  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory-ds/ "Azure Active Directory Domain Services")
        * [ Azure Information Protection  Better protect your sensitive information—anytime, anywhere  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/information-protection/ "Azure Information Protection")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#identity "See more")
      * Integration  [ Integration ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/integration/ "Integration") Seamlessly integrate on-premises and cloud-based applications, data, and processes across your enterprise 
        * [ Azure Logic Apps  Automate the access and use of data across clouds without writing code  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/logic-apps/ "Azure Logic Apps")
        * [ Service Bus  Connect across private and public cloud environments  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/service-bus/ "Service Bus")
        * [ API Management  Publish APIs to developers, partners, and employees securely and at scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/api-management/ "API Management")
        * [ Event Grid  Get reliable event delivery at massive scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/event-grid/ "Event Grid")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#integration "See more")
    *       * Internet of Things  [ Internet of Things ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/iot/ "Internet of Things") Connect assets or environments, discover insights, and drive informed actions to transform your business 
        * [ Azure IoT Hub  Connect, monitor, and manage IoT assets with a scalable platform  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/iot-hub/ "Azure IoT Hub")
        * [ Azure IoT Edge  Extend cloud intelligence and analytics to edge devices managed by Azure IoT Hub  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/iot-edge/ "Azure IoT Edge")
        * [ Azure IoT Central  Accelerate the creation of IoT solutions  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/iot-central/ "Azure IoT Central")
        * [ Azure Percept  Accelerate edge intelligence from silicon to service  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-percept/ "Azure Percept")
        * [ Azure Sphere  Securely connect embedded MCU-powered devices from silicon to cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sphere/ "Azure Sphere")
        * [ Azure Digital Twins  Build next-generation IoT solutions that model entire environments in real time  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/digital-twins/ "Azure Digital Twins")
        * [ Azure Time Series Insights  Monitor, analyze, and visualize your industrial IoT data at scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/time-series-insights/ "Azure Time Series Insights")
        * [ Azure RTOS  Making embedded IoT development and connectivity easy  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/rtos/ "Azure RTOS")
        * [ Azure Machine Learning  Bring AI to everyone with an end-to-end, scalable, trusted platform with experimentation and model management  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/machine-learning/ "Azure Machine Learning")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#iot "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#iot "See more")
      * Management and Governance  [ Management and Governance ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/management-tools/ "Management and Governance") Simplify, automate, and optimize the management and compliance of your cloud resources 
        * [ Microsoft Azure portal  Build, manage, and monitor all Azure products in a single, unified console  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/azure-portal/ "Microsoft Azure portal")
        * [ Azure Purview  Maximize business value with unified data governance  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/purview/ "Azure Purview")
        * [ Azure mobile app  Stay connected to your Azure resources—anytime, anywhere  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/azure-portal/mobile-app/ "Azure mobile app")
        * [ Cloud Shell  Streamline Azure administration with a browser-based shell  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/cloud-shell/ "Cloud Shell")
        * [ Azure Advisor  Your personalized Azure best practices recommendation engine  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/advisor/ "Azure Advisor")
        * [ Azure Backup  Simplify data protection and protect against ransomware  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/backup/ "Azure Backup")
        * [ Azure Cost Management and Billing  Manage your cloud spending with confidence  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cost-management/ "Azure Cost Management and Billing")
        * [ Azure Policy  Implement corporate governance and standards at scale for Azure resources  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-policy/ "Azure Policy")
        * [ Azure Site Recovery  Keep your business running with built-in disaster recovery service  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/site-recovery/ "Azure Site Recovery")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#management-tools "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#management-tools "See more")
      * Media  Media  Deliver high-quality video content anywhere, any time, and on any device 
        * [ Live Video Analytics  Build intelligent video-based applications using the AI of your choice  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/live-video-analytics/ "Live Video Analytics")
        * [ Media Services  Encode, store, and stream video and audio at scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/ "Media Services")
        * [ Encoding  Studio grade encoding at cloud scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/encoding/ "Encoding")
        * [ Azure Media Player  A single player for all your playback needs  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/media-player/ "Azure Media Player")
        * [ Live and On-Demand Streaming  Deliver content to virtually all devices with scale to meet business needs  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/live-on-demand/ "Live and On-Demand Streaming")
        * [ Content Protection  Securely deliver content using AES, PlayReady, Widevine, and Fairplay  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/content-protection/ "Content Protection")
        * [ Video Indexer  Unlock video insights  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/media-services/video-indexer/ "Video Indexer")
        * [ Content Delivery Network  Ensure secure, reliable content delivery with broad global reach  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cdn/ "Content Delivery Network")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#media "See more")
      * Migration  [ Migration ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/migration/ "Migration") Simplify and accelerate your migration to the cloud with guidance, tools, and resources 
        * [ Azure Migrate  Easily discover, assess, right-size, and migrate your on-premises VMs to Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-migrate/ "Azure Migrate")
        * [ Azure Site Recovery  Keep your business running with built-in disaster recovery service  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/site-recovery/ "Azure Site Recovery")
        * [ Azure Database Migration Service  Simplify on-premises database migration to the cloud  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/database-migration/ "Azure Database Migration Service")
        * [ Azure Data Box  Appliances and solutions for offline data transfer to Azure​  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/databox/ "Azure Data Box")
        * [ Azure Cost Management and Billing  Manage your cloud spending with confidence  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cost-management/ "Azure Cost Management and Billing")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#migration "See more")
      * Mixed Reality  [ Mixed Reality ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/topic/mixed-reality/ "Mixed Reality") Blend your physical and digital worlds to create immersive, collaborative experiences 
        * [ Spatial Anchors  Create multi-user, spatially aware mixed reality experiences  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/spatial-anchors/ "Spatial Anchors")
        * [ Azure Remote Rendering  Render high-quality, interactive 3D content, and stream it to your devices in real time  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/remote-rendering/ "Azure Remote Rendering")
        * [ Azure Digital Twins  Build next-generation IoT solutions that model entire environments in real time  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/digital-twins/ "Azure Digital Twins")
        * [ Kinect DK  Build computer vision and speech models using a developer kit with advanced AI sensors  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/kinect-dk/ "Kinect DK")
        * [ Object Anchors  Automatically align and anchor 3D content to objects in the physical world  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/object-anchors/ "Object Anchors")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#mixed-reality "See more")
      * Mobile  [ Mobile ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/mobile/ "Mobile") Build and deploy cross-platform and native apps for any mobile device 
        * [ Notification Hubs  Send push notifications to any platform from any back end  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/notification-hubs/ "Notification Hubs")
        * [ Visual Studio App Center  Continuously build, test, release, and monitor your mobile and desktop apps  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-center/ "Visual Studio App Center")
        * [ Xamarin  Create cloud-powered mobile apps faster  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/xamarin/ "Xamarin")
        * [ Azure Maps  Simple and secure location APIs provide geospatial context to data  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-maps/ "Azure Maps")
        * [ API Management  Publish APIs to developers, partners, and employees securely and at scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/api-management/ "API Management")
        * [ Azure Cognitive Search  AI-powered cloud search service for mobile and web app development  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/ "Azure Cognitive Search")
        * [ Azure Cognitive Services  Add smart API capabilities to enable contextual interactions  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cognitive-services/ "Azure Cognitive Services")
        * [ Spatial Anchors  Create multi-user, spatially aware mixed reality experiences  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/spatial-anchors/ "Spatial Anchors")
        * [ App Service  Quickly create powerful cloud apps for web and mobile  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/ "App Service")
        * [ Azure Communication Services  Build rich communication experiences with the same secure platform used by Microsoft Teams  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/communication-services/ "Azure Communication Services")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#mobile "See more")
      * Networking  [ Networking ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/networking/ "Networking") Connect cloud and on-premises infrastructure and services to provide your customers and users the best possible experience 
        * [ Virtual Network  Provision private networks, optionally connect to on-premises datacenters  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-network/ "Virtual Network")
        * [ Load Balancing  Deliver high availability and network performance to your applications  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/products/azure-load-balancing/ "Load Balancing")
        * [ VPN Gateway  Establish secure, cross-premises connectivity  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/vpn-gateway/ "VPN Gateway")
        * [ Azure DNS  Host your DNS domain in Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/dns/ "Azure DNS")
        * [ Content Delivery Network  Ensure secure, reliable content delivery with broad global reach  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cdn/ "Content Delivery Network")
        * [ Azure DDoS Protection  Protect your applications from Distributed Denial of Service \(DDoS\) attacks  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/ddos-protection/ "Azure DDoS Protection")
        * [ Azure Orbital  Satellite ground station and scheduling service connected to Azure for fast downlinking of data  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/orbital/ "Azure Orbital")
        * [ Azure ExpressRoute  Dedicated private network fiber connections to Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/expressroute/ "Azure ExpressRoute")
        * [ Network Watcher  Network performance monitoring and diagnostics solution  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/network-watcher/ "Network Watcher")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#networking "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#networking "See more")
      * Security  [ Security ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/security/ "Security") Protect your enterprise from advanced threats across hybrid cloud workloads 
        * [ Azure Sentinel  Put cloud-native SIEM and intelligent security analytics to work to help protect your enterprise  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-sentinel/ "Azure Sentinel")
        * [ Security Center  Unify security management and enable advanced threat protection across hybrid cloud workloads  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/security-center/ "Security Center")
        * [ Azure Defender  Protect hybrid cloud workloads  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-defender/ "Azure Defender")
        * [ Application Gateway  Build secure, scalable, and highly available web front ends in Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/application-gateway/ "Application Gateway")
        * [ Key Vault  Safeguard and maintain control of keys and other secrets  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/key-vault/ "Key Vault")
        * [ VPN Gateway  Establish secure, cross-premises connectivity  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/vpn-gateway/ "VPN Gateway")
        * [ Azure Information Protection  Better protect your sensitive information—anytime, anywhere  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/information-protection/ "Azure Information Protection")
        * [ Azure DDoS Protection  Protect your applications from Distributed Denial of Service \(DDoS\) attacks  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/ddos-protection/ "Azure DDoS Protection")
        * [ Azure Active Directory  Synchronize on-premises directories and enable single sign-on  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/active-directory/ "Azure Active Directory")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#security "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#security "See more")
      * Storage  [ Storage ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/storage/ "Storage") Get secure, massively scalable cloud storage for your data, apps, and workloads 
        * [ Azure Disk Storage  High-performance, highly durable block storage for Azure Virtual Machines  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/disks/ "Azure Disk Storage")
        * [ Azure Data Lake Storage  Massively scalable, secure data lake functionality built on Azure Blob Storage  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/data-lake-storage/ "Azure Data Lake Storage")
        * [ Azure Files  File shares that use the standard SMB 3.0 protocol  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/files/ "Azure Files")
        * [ Azure NetApp Files  Enterprise-grade Azure file shares, powered by NetApp  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/netapp/ "Azure NetApp Files")
        * [ Azure Backup  Simplify data protection and protect against ransomware  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/backup/ "Azure Backup")
        * [ Azure Blob Storage  REST-based object storage for unstructured data  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/blobs/ "Azure Blob Storage")
        * [ Azure Data Box  Appliances and solutions for offline data transfer to Azure​  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/databox/ "Azure Data Box")
        * [ Archive Storage  Industry leading price point for storing rarely accessed data  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storage/archive/ "Archive Storage")
        * [ StorSimple  Lower costs with an enterprise hybrid cloud storage solution  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/storsimple/ "StorSimple")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#storage "See more")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#storage "See more")
      * Web  [ Web ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/product-categories/web/ "Web") Build, deploy, and scale powerful web applications quickly and efficiently 
        * [ Web Apps  Quickly create and deploy mission critical web apps at scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/web/ "Web Apps")
        * [ API Management  Publish APIs to developers, partners, and employees securely and at scale  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/api-management/ "API Management")
        * [ Content Delivery Network  Ensure secure, reliable content delivery with broad global reach  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/cdn/ "Content Delivery Network")
        * [ Azure Cognitive Search  AI-powered cloud search service for mobile and web app development  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/search/ "Azure Cognitive Search")
        * [ Azure SignalR Service  Add real-time web functionalities easily  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/signalr-service/ "Azure SignalR Service")
        * [ Azure Maps  Simple and secure location APIs provide geospatial context to data  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/azure-maps/ "Azure Maps")
        * [ Static Web Apps  A modern web app service that offers streamlined full-stack development from source code to global high availability  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/app-service/static/ "Static Web Apps")
        * [ Azure Communication Services  Build rich communication experiences with the same secure platform used by Microsoft Teams  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/communication-services/ "Azure Communication Services")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#web "See more")
      * Windows Virtual Desktop  Windows Virtual Desktop  The best virtual desktop experience, delivered on Azure 
        * [ Windows Virtual Desktop  The best virtual desktop experience, delivered on Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-desktop/ "Windows Virtual Desktop")
        * [ VMware Horizon Cloud on Microsoft Azure  Provision Windows desktops and apps with VMware and Windows Virtual Desktop  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-desktop/vmware-horizon-cloud/ "VMware Horizon Cloud on Microsoft Azure")
        * [ Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktops for Azure  Provision Windows desktops and apps on Azure with Citrix and Windows Virtual Desktop  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/virtual-desktop/citrix-virtual-apps-desktops-for-azure/ "Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktops for Azure")
        * [ See more ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/#windows-virtual-desktop "See more")
    * [ See all \(200+\) ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/ "See all products")

Search Results:  "  "

    * [ See all products ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/ "See all products")
  * [ Documentation ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/ "Documentation")
  * Pricing 
    * [ Azure pricing  Get the best value at every stage of your cloud journey  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/ "Azure pricing")
    * [ Azure cost optimization  Learn how to manage and optimize your cloud spending  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/cost-optimization/ "Azure cost optimization")
    * [ Azure pricing calculator  Estimate costs for Azure products and services  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/calculator/ "Azure pricing calculator")
    * [ Total cost of ownership calculator  Estimate the cost savings of migrating to Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/tco/calculator/ "Total cost of ownership calculator")
  * [ Training  Explore free online learning resources from videos to hands-on-labs  ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/azure/ "Training")
  * [ Marketplace ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/ "Marketplace")
  * Partners 
    * [ Find a partner  Get up and running in the cloud with help from an experienced partner  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/partners/ "Find a partner")
    * [ Azure technology partners  Build and scale your apps on the trusted cloud platform  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/isv/ "Azure technology partners")
    * [ Azure Partner Zone  Find the latest content, news, and guidance to lead customers to the cloud  ](https://azure.com/partners "Azure Partner Zone")
  * Support 
    * [ Azure support  Find the support options you need  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/options/ "Azure support")
    * [ Compare support plans  Explore and purchase technical support  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/plans/ "Compare support plans")
    * [ Get support  Create a support ticket  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/create-ticket/ "Get support")
    * [ Community support  Get answers to your questions from Microsoft and community experts  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/community/ "Community support")
    * [ Knowledge Center  Get answers to common support questions  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/knowledge-center/ "Knowledge Center")
    * [ Azure status dashboard  View the current Azure health status and view past incidents  ](https://status.azure.com "Azure status dashboard")
  * [ Blog  Read the latest posts from the Azure team  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/ "Blog")
  * [ Resources  Find downloads, white papers, templates, and events  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/ "Resources")
  * [ Trusted  Learn about Azure security, compliance, and privacy  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/trusted-cloud/ "Trusted")
  * [ Legal  View legal terms and conditions  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/legal/ "Legal")
  * More 

[ Free account ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/ "Free account")

  * [ Portal ](https://portal.azure.com/)
  * [ ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/search/)
  * [ ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/sales-number/ "Contact Sales")

[ We're in this together. Explore Azure resources and tools to help you
navigate COVID-19 ](/en-us/overview/covid-19/)

INVENT WITH PURPOSE

#  We provide the tools. You change the world.

Create amazing solutions with powerful capabilities, training, and support.
Start exploring with an Azure free account and get 12 months of popular, free
cloud services—plus a  $200  credit.

[ Try Azure for free ](/en-us/free/)

##  On-premises, hybrid, multicloud, or at the edge—create secure, future-
ready cloud solutions on Azure

###  [ Expand your cloud skills with Microsoft Learn
](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/learn/azure/)

Learn to build, deploy, and manage your apps and infrastructure with training,
certifications, and communities.

###  [ Get instant clarity from your data ](/en-us/services/synapse-
analytics/)

Experience unmatched time to insight and apply machine learning models to your
apps with Azure Synapse Analytics.

###  [ Register for Game Stack Live, April 20–21
](https://developer.microsoft.com/games/events/game-stack-
live/?OCID=AID3029149&)

Join developers from around the world to explore the latest advancements in
gaming technology.

  * New to Azure? 
  * [ Get an overview ](/en-us/overview/)

##  Start putting your ideas into action with Azure products and services

  1. Featured at Microsoft Ignite 
  2. AI + machine learning 
  3. Compute 
  4. Containers 
  5. Hybrid + multicloud 
  6. Internet of Things \(IoT\) 

  * [ See all products \(200+\) ](/en-us/services/)

Featured at Microsoft Ignite

  * Unify on-premises, hybrid, and cross-cloud infrastructure 

[ Azure Arc ](/en-us/services/azure-arc/)

  * Add video, voice, SMS, chat, and other communication APIs to apps 

[ Azure Communication Services ](/en-us/services/communication-services/)

  * Get unmatched time to insights with a limitless analytics service 

[ Azure Synapse Analytics ](/en-us/services/synapse-analytics/)

  * Maximize the business value of data with unified  data governance 

[ Azure Purview ](/en-us/services/purview/)

  * Add cognitive capabilities to apps with APIs 

[ Azure Cognitive Services ](/en-us/services/cognitive-services/)

  * Build and manage edge AI solutions 

[ Azure Percept ](/en-us/services/azure-percept/)

AI + machine learning

  * Build, train, and deploy machine learning 

[ Azure Machine Learning ](/en-us/services/machine-learning/)

  * Detect content with vision and speech functions 

[ Azure Cognitive Search ](/en-us/services/search/)

  * Add cognitive capabilities to apps with APIs 

[ Azure Cognitive Services ](/en-us/services/cognitive-services/)

  * Create bots and connect them across channels 

[ Azure Bot Services ](/en-us/services/bot-service/)

  * Design AI with Apache Spark  TM  -based analytics 

[ Azure Databricks ](/en-us/services/databricks/)

  * Build for mixed reality using AI sensors 

[ Azure Kinect DK ](/en-us/services/kinect-dk/)

Compute

  * Deploy VMs in seconds 

[ Azure Virtual Machines ](/en-us/services/virtual-machines/)

  * Create open-source, enterprise-grade apps 

[ Linux Virtual Machines on Azure ](/en-us/services/virtual-machines/linux/)

  * Get industry-leading performance for SQL 

[ SQL Server on Azure Virtual Machines ](/en-us/services/virtual-machines/sql-
server/)

  * Deploy scalable, protected virtualized infrastructure 

[ Windows Virtual Machines ](/en-us/services/virtual-machines/windows/)

  * Trigger apps with serverless computing 

[ Azure Functions ](/en-us/services/functions/)

  * Expand apps to additional locations 

[ Azure App Service ](/en-us/services/app-service/)

Containers

  * Build, deploy, and scale web apps on a fully managed platform 

[ Azure App Service ](/en-us/services/app-service/)

  * Trigger apps with serverless computing 

[ Azure Functions ](/en-us/services/functions/)

  * Build and scale apps with managed Kubernetes 

[ Azure Kubernetes Service \(AKS\) ](/en-us/services/kubernetes-service/)

  * Run containers without managing servers 

[ Azure Container Instances ](/en-us/services/container-instances/)

  * Stay compliant with managed app updates 

[ Azure Red Hat OpenShift ](/en-us/services/openshift/)

  * Bring modern microservice patterns to Spring Boot apps 

[ Azure Spring Cloud ](/en-us/services/spring-cloud/)

Hybrid + multicloud

  * Unify on-premises, hybrid, and cross-cloud infrastructure 

[ Azure Arc ](/en-us/services/azure-arc/)

  * Build apps across on-premises, cloud, and the edge 

[ Azure Stack ](/en-us/overview/azure-stack/)

  * Stop threats with intelligent security analytics 

[ Azure Sentinel ](/en-us/services/azure-sentinel/)

  * Extend threat protection to any infrastructure 

[ Azure Security Center ](/en-us/services/security-center/)

  * Create secure, private clouds 

[ Azure ExpressRoute ](/en-us/services/expressroute/)

  * Enable single sign-on and multifactor identification 

[ Azure Active Directory \(Azure AD\) ](/en-us/services/active-directory/)

Internet of Things \(IoT\)

  * Build IoT solutions on a hosted platform 

[ Azure IoT Central ](/en-us/services/iot-central/)

  * Deploy cloud intelligence on local edge devices 

[ Azure IoT Edge ](/en-us/services/iot-edge/)

  * Authenticate communication across devices, edge, and cloud 

[ Azure IoT Hub ](/en-us/services/iot-hub/)

  * Create models of physical environments 

[ Azure Digital Twins ](/en-us/services/digital-twins/)

  * Secure your IoT hardware and software 

[ Azure Sphere ](/en-us/services/azure-sphere/)

  * Visualize IoT data in real time 

[ Azure Time Series Insights ](/en-us/services/time-series-insights/)

![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/portal-
screenshots/featured-at-ignite.png) View Azure portal screenshot in full
screen

![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/portal-
screenshots/featured-at-ignite.png) ×

[ See all products \(200+\) ](/en-us/services/)

##  Find out how these customers are innovating with Azure

![Make-A-
Wish](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/make-a-wish-logo.svg)

![Child in a firefighter costume standing in front of a fire
truck.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/make-a-wish-desktop.jpg)

Make-A-Wish® transitioned to remote work within a week with Azure, Microsoft
365, and Microsoft Teams and continues to make wishes come true.

  * [ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/811781-make-a-wish-foundation-nonprofit)

![American Cancer
Society](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/american-cancer-society-logo.svg)

![Cancer researcher in scrubs and a mask looking through a
microscope.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/american-cancer-society-desktop.jpg)

American Cancer Society has kept resources flowing to patients and researchers
during the global pandemic by transitioning their infrastructure to Azure.

  * [ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/1336196537651221107-american-cancer-society-nonprofit-azure)

![Walgreens Boots
Alliance](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/walgreens-boots-alliance-logo.svg)

![Person using the Walgreens app on their cell phone to take a COVID-19 risk
assessment.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/walgreens-boots-alliance-desktop.jpg)

Walgreens Boots Alliance uses Microsoft Healthcare Bot service to help
customers quickly find answers to healthcare questions—including about
COVID-19.

  * [ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/812836-walgreens-boots-alliance-retailers-azure-bot-service-cognitive-services)

![Bosch](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/bosch-logo.svg)

![Person in a factory using a tablet to check the performance data of a
robotic manufacturing
arm.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/bosch-desktop.jpg)

Bosch Building Technologies used Azure to expand and globally deploy a
platform that analyzes energy consumption and helps pursue ongoing energy
efficiency.

  * [ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/790031-bosch-building-technologies-smart-spaces-azure)

![BBC](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/bbc-logo.svg)

![Person using the beeb app on their smartphone. The app text says, "Or if
you’re curious like me, you might like a BBC
podcast."](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/bbc-desktop.jpg)

The BBC uses Azure AI and Azure Bot Service to deliver news with Beeb, a voice
assistant that understands the broad range of UK accents and dialects.

  * [ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/754836-bbc-media-entertainment-azure)

  1. ![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-tabs/make-a-wish-logo.svg)
  2. ![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-tabs/american-cancer-society-logo.svg)
  3. ![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-tabs/walgreens-boots-alliance-logo.svg)
  4. ![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-tabs/bosch-logo.svg)
  5. ![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-tabs/bbc-logo.svg)

![Child in a firefighter costume standing in front of a fire
truck.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/make-a-wish-desktop.jpg)

Make-A-Wish® transitioned to remote work within a week with Azure, Microsoft
365, and Microsoft Teams and continues to make wishes come true.

[ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/811781-make-a-wish-
foundation-nonprofit)

![Cancer researcher in scrubs and a mask looking through a
microscope.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/american-cancer-society-desktop.jpg)

American Cancer Society has kept resources flowing to patients and researchers
during the global pandemic by transitioning their infrastructure to Azure.

[ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-
us/story/1336196537651221107-american-cancer-society-nonprofit-azure)

![Person using the Walgreens app on their cell phone to take a COVID-19 risk
assessment.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/walgreens-boots-alliance-desktop.jpg)

Walgreens Boots Alliance uses Microsoft Healthcare Bot service to help
customers quickly find answers to healthcare questions—including about
COVID-19.

[ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/812836-walgreens-
boots-alliance-retailers-azure-bot-service-cognitive-services)

![Person in a factory using a tablet to check the performance data of a
robotic manufacturing
arm.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/bosch-desktop.jpg)

Bosch Building Technologies used Azure to expand and globally deploy a
platform that analyzes energy consumption and helps pursue ongoing energy
efficiency.

[ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/790031-bosch-
building-technologies-smart-spaces-azure)

![Person using the beeb app on their smartphone. The app text says, "Or if
you’re curious like me, you might like a BBC
podcast."](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/customer-
tabs/bbc-desktop.jpg)

The BBC uses Azure AI and Azure Bot Service to deliver news with Beeb, a voice
assistant that understands the broad range of UK accents and dialects.

[ Case study ](https://customers.microsoft.com/en-us/story/754836-bbc-media-
entertainment-azure)

![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/limitless.svg)

##  Go limitless with Azure data

[ See how to maximize the value of your data ](/en-us/solutions/limitless-
data/)

##  Discover what’s happening on Azure

INTRODUCING AZURE PERCEPT

[ Bring AI and machine learning to the edge with out-of-the-box IoT devices
and services. ](/en-us/blog/azure-percept-edge-intelligence-from-silicon-to-
service/)

MICROSOFT IGNITE SESSIONS

[ Explore the latest technology and learn new skills from more than 100
Microsoft Ignite sessions—watch now.
](https://myignite.microsoft.com/sessions)

SUSTAINABLE CLOUD INFRASTRUCTURE

[ Learn how moving on-premises datacenter operations to Azure can reduce your
carbon footprint up to 98 percent. ](/en-us/global-
infrastructure/sustainability/)

PATH TO CARBON NEGATIVE

[ Microsoft has committed to being carbon negative by 2030. Learn about our
progress so far and next steps.
](https://blogs.microsoft.com/blog/2021/01/28/one-year-later-the-path-to-
carbon-negative-a-progress-report-on-our-climate-moonshot/)

AZURE REGIONS

[ Go beyond the limits of your on-premises datacenter with more than 60 Azure
regions. ](/en-us/global-infrastructure/)

AZURE MARKETPLACE

[ Accelerate innovation with a catalog of more than 17,000 certified apps and
services—even sell your own. ](/en-us/marketplace/)

![An elephant standing amongst
greenery.](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/dev-
stories/desktop.jpg)

When she learned that the planet loses an elephant every 15 minutes, solutions
architect Sarah Maston co-founded Project 15 with Daisuke Nakahara to help
save them.

  * Watch the story  \(3:34\) 
  * [ Check out more inventor stories ](/en-us/developer/stories/)

When she learned that the planet loses an elephant every 15 minutes, solutions
architect Sarah Maston co-founded Project 15 with Daisuke Nakahara to help
save them.

  * [ Check out more inventor stories ](/en-us/developer/stories/)

###  [ Start building on Azure free ](/en-us/free/)

Get popular services free for 12 months and 25+ other services free
always—plus  $200  credit to use in your first 30 days.

![](//azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/cvt-5b186237846d7b00c26675f7f4dde80f1ebdfecd943bea9a33f3d93be2cc17eb/images/page/home/icons/icon-
chat.svg)

###  [ Contact an Azure sales specialist ](/en-us/overview/contact-azure-
sales/)

Get the answers you need—from how to get started to questions about your
unique scenario—by talking to an Azure sales specialist.

###  [ New to Azure? Learn at your own pace ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-
us/learn/paths/az-900-describe-cloud-concepts/)

Learn the basics of cloud computing and Azure with self-paced modules on
Microsoft Learn.

Go Social

  * [ Facebook  ](https://www.facebook.com/microsoftazure)
  * [ Instagram  ](https://www.instagram.com/microsoftdeveloper/)
  * [ Twitter  ](https://twitter.com/azure)
  * [ YouTube  ](https://www.youtube.com/user/windowsazure)
  * [ LinkedIn  ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/16188386)
  * [ Rss  ](https://azurecomcdn.azureedge.net/en-us/blog/feed/)

Microsoft Azure

[ Microsoft Azure ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/)

  * [ Solutions ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/solutions/)
  * [ Products ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/services/)
  * [ Datacenter regions ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/geographies/)
  * [ Case Studies ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/case-studies/)
  * [ Pricing ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/)
  * [ Calculator ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/calculator/)
  * [ Documentation ](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/)
  * [ Downloads ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/downloads/?sdk=net)
  * [ Samples ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/resources/samples/)
  * [ Marketplace ](https://azuremarketplace.microsoft.com/en-us/marketplace/)
  * [ Global infrastructure ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/global-infrastructure/)

Community

[ Community ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/)

  * [ Blog ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/)
  * [ Azure Updates ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/)
  * [ Tech Community ](https://techcommunity.microsoft.com/t5/Azure/ct-p/Azure)
  * [ Events ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/events/)
  * [ Careers ](https://news.microsoft.com/features/azure/?wt.mc_id=azuremktg_hp_careers)
  * [ Education ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/education/)
  * [ Students ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/free/students/)
  * [ Startups ](https://startups.microsoft.com/)

Support

[ Support ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/options/)

  * [ Forums ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/community/)
  * [ Azure Status Dashboard ](https://status.azure.com/)
  * [ Support ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/support/options/)

Account

[ Account ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/account/)

  * [ Microsoft Azure portal ](https://portal.azure.com/)
  * [ Preview Features ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/updates/?status=inpreview)
  * [ Privacy data management ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/privacy-data-management/)
  * [ Download Azure Mobile App ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/features/azure-portal/mobile-app/)

Trusted

[ Trusted ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/trusted-cloud/)

  * [ Security ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717954&clcid=0x409)
  * [ Privacy ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=717953&clcid=0x409)
  * [ Compliance ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=837787&clcid=0x409)
  * Manage cookies 

Hello from Seattle.

English \(US\)  Čeština  Dansk  Deutsch  English \(Australia\)  English
\(Canada\)  English \(India\)  English \(UK\)  Español  Español \(MX\)
Français  Français \(Canada\)  Italiano  Magyar  Norsk  Nederlands  Polski
Português \(Brasil\)  Português  Svenska  Türkçe  Pусский  日本語  한국어  中文\(简体\)
中文\(繁體\)

US Dollar \($\)  Euro \(€\)  British Pound \(£\)  Australian Dollar \($\)
Indian Rupee \(₹\)  Canadian Dollar \($\)  Argentine Peso \($\)  Australian
Dollar \($\)  Brazilian Real \(R$\)  British Pound \(£\)  Canadian Dollar
\($\)  Danish Krone \(kr\)  Euro \(€\)  Hong Kong Dollar \(HK$\)  Indian Rupee
\(₹\)  Indonesian Rupiah \(Rp\)  Japanese Yen \(¥\)  Korean Won \(₩\)
Malaysian Ringgit \(RM$\)  Mexican Peso \(MXN$\)  New Zealand Dollar \($\)
Norwegian Krone \(kr\)  Russian Ruble \(руб\)  Saudi Riyal \(SR\)  South
African Rand \(R\)  Swedish Krona \(kr\)  Swiss Franc \(chf\)  Taiwanese
Dollar \(NT$\)  Turkish Lira \(TL\)  US Dollar \($\)

  * [ Contact Us ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/overview/contact-azure-sales/)
  * [ Trademarks ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/Trademarks/)
  * [ Privacy & Cookies  ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=248681&clcid=0x409)
  * [ Terms of use ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/legal/intellectualproperty/copyright/default.aspx)

[ ](https://www.microsoft.com) © 2021 Microsoft

