[ Search results ](search-results)

This site uses cookies for analytics, personalized content and ads. By
continuing to browse this site, you agree to this use.  [ Learn more
](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-US/privacystatement) .

__

__

Skip to main content

  * [ ![Microsoft](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/microsoft-gray.png) ](https://www.microsoft.com)

  * Toggle menu 

  * [ Office  ](https://products.office.com/en-us/home)
  * [ Windows  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/)
  * [ Surface  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/surface)
  * [ Xbox  ](https://www.xbox.com/)
  * [ Deals  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/sale?icid=gm_nav_L0_salepage)
  * [ Support  ](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us)

  * Careers  __ Careers 
  * __

  * [ Home  ](javascript:void\(0\))
  * Professionals  __
    * Home 
    * Locations 
    * Professions 
    * US Military & Veterans 
  * Students and graduates 
  * Life at Microsoft  __
    * Benefits 
    * Culture 
    * Diversity and inclusion 
    * [ Microsoft Life  ](https://news.microsoft.com/life/)

#  Do what you love

Create the future you want

![Global home
banner](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/Hero
image_new-1556706557568.png)

COVID-19 notice:  Microsoft continues to prioritize the health and safety of
our candidates, employees and their families in _[ response to the Coronavirus
Disease \(COVID-19\) ](https://news.microsoft.com/covid-19-response/
"Microsoft COVID-19 response opens in a new tab") _ . All of our interviews
are currently conducted virtually, learn more on how to _[ prepare for your
virtual interview ](https://careers.microsoft.com/us/en/virtual-interview
"Virtual interview guidance opens in the same tab") _ .

Students and recent graduates  We offer a variety of scholarship programs,
internships and full-time opportunities designed to empower you. Imagine the
impact you can have and jumpstart your career.

[ Explore student opportunities  __ ](/students/us/en/)

Experienced professionals  Want to make a difference? So do we. Step in to
explore the wealth of career opportunities and take your career to the next
level.

[ Explore career opportunities  __ ](/professionals/us/en/)

##

Hear from Microsoft employees

"At Microsoft, you’ll be empowered to work on things that you’re passionate
about. You’ll be given autonomy. Your ideas will matter."

— Lauren,  Senior Software Engineer

![Lauren, Senior Software
Engineer](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/home_testimonials_lauren_large-1556621246311.jpg)

"The freedom to create really powerful and engaging solutions is the thing
that I really like. And I know what we are creating, millions of people are
using."

— Nitish  , UX Designer

![Nitish, UX
Designer](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/home_testimonials_nitish_large-1556621859158.jpg)

"I want to transform how people experience 'Halo' in their living rooms and on
their PCs. We will never do anything that doesn't move the universe forward."

— Kiki  , Studio Head

![Kiki, Studio
Head](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/home_testimonials_kiki_large-1556622046009.jpg)

"Technology provides that avenue to compensate in areas where something might
be more difficult. It's really cool to be able to help to enable people."

— Chris  , Senior Software Engineer

![Chris, Senior Software
Engineer](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/home_testimonials_chris_large-1556622175233.jpg)

"The world has a lot to offer, and it's not about how much you take and grow;
it's about how much you give back."

— Vidya  , Program Manager

![Vidya, Program
Manager](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/home_testimonials_vidya_large-1556623300618.jpg)

slide 1 of 5 "At Microsoft, you’ll be empowered to work on things that you’re
passionate about. You’ll be given autonomy. Your ideas will matter." — Lauren,
Senior Software Engineer

Artificial Intelligence  Computers are actively learning about the world
around them. AI is no longer the stuff of science fiction. It’s happening now.
At Microsoft, we’re infusing artificial intelligence across everything we make
in an effort to democratize AI and help solve society’s greatest challenges.

![Jennifer, Senior Researcher, Microsoft Research](https://dev-cms-cdn-
hub.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/mdv/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/home_carousel_pivotal_roles_artificial_intelligence.jpg)

"Crowdsourcing has the potential for major impact on the way we design machine
learning and AI systems, but to unleash this potential we need more creative
minds exploring novel ways to use it."

— Jennifer,  Senior Researcher, Microsoft Research

Cloud  We’re as dedicated to our customer’s success as we are in innovating
for the future. Microsoft’s investment in the cloud is making people’s lives
easier all over the world.

![Julie, Azure Program Manager](https://dev-cms-cdn-
hub.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/mdv/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/home_carousel_pivotal_roles_cloud.jpg)

"The cloud is the future of how we use devices; the potential is infinite."

— Julie,  Azure Program Manager

Diversity and Inclusion  We bring together people from all over the world, and
our efforts start at home.

[ Learn more about Diversity and Inclusion at Microsoft  __
](diversityandinclusion)

![Sophia, Software Engineer](https://dev-cms-cdn-
hub.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/mdv/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/Sophia.jpg)

"Microsoft is welcoming to everyone."

— Sophia,  Senior Software Engineer

slide 3 of 3 Diversity and Inclusion We bring together people from all over
the world, and our efforts start at home. Learn more about Diversity and
Inclusion at Microsoft "Microsoft is welcoming to everyone." — Sophia, Senior
Software Engineer

##  Inclusive Hiring for people with disabilities

At Microsoft, we know that having a diverse workforce which includes people
with disabilities is essential if we are going to deliver on our mission to
empower every person and every organization on the planet to achieve more. Our
Autism Hiring Program, Ability Hiring events, and inclusive interviews enable
all candidates to showcase their skills and bring their best selves.  
  
[ Explore our Inclusive Hiring programs ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-
us/diversity/inside-microsoft/cross-disability/hiring.aspx)

[ Watch Microsoft Inclusive Hiring video  __ ](javascript:void\(0\))

__ Close the popup

![Photo of Microsoft employee Anne at a
computer](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/Home-
Inclusive-Hiring-1560850795418.png)

##  Who we are

Explore the stories behind our diverse workforce.

[ Read all stories on Microsoft Life  __ ](https://news.microsoft.com/life/)

[ ![Microsoft employee Phillip
Jarvis](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/HomeStories-
EngineersDream-1556704098280.jpg)

###  Inclusion

####  An engineer's dream job blooms into reality

Two years after Philip Jarvis landed his dream job on the HoloLens team, he
reflects on what it's like to work at Microsoft as an engineer who has
Asperger's syndrome.  ](https://news.microsoft.com/life/autism-hiring-
program/)

[ ![Members of Microsoft's employee giving
team](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/HomeStories-
Giving-1556704696785.jpg)

###  Community

####  The great giving machine: driven to make an impact, employees turn
giving into a way of life

Run like a business, Microsoft's employee giving program has redefined how
people can harmonize their careers and their instincts to do good.
](https://news.microsoft.com/life/employee-giving/)

[ ![Picture of Microsoft employees at
Hackathon](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/HomeStories-
Hackathon-1556705003802.jpg)

###  Innovation

####  At the largest private hackathon on the planet, Microsoft employees fire
up ideas by the thousands

Last year, more than 18,000 people across 400 cities and 75 countries came
together to bring world-changing new ideas to life at Microsoft's annual
Hackathon, now celebrating its fifth, and busiest, year.
](https://news.microsoft.com/life/hackathon/)

[ ![three faces
smiling](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/images/HomeStories-
Siblings-1556705220663.jpg)

###  growth

####  Family matters: for three siblings, a teasing rivalry gave way to
camaraderie at the same company

Because of his own self-evolution while working at Microsoft, an older brother
wanted his brother and sister to have the same options to grow.
](https://news.microsoft.com/life/aslaner_siblings/)

  * __ FAQ  __
  * __ Interview tips  __
  * __ Accessibility request  __
  * __ Support  __
  * __ Legal policies  __
  * [ __ Microsoft Data Privacy Notice \(DPN\)  __ ](http://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=518021)
  * [ __ Feedback  __ ](https://aka.ms/CareersFeedback)
  * [ ![](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/file_footer.png) Labor Condition Application Postings  __ ](https://aka.ms/LCANotices)

##  Follow Microsoft Careers

  * [ ![LinkedIn logo](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/linkedin-icon.svg) ](https://www.linkedin.com/company/microsoft)
  * [ ![Twitter logo](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/twitter-icon.svg) ](https://twitter.com/microsoft)
  * [ ![Facebook logo](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/fb-icon.svg) ](https://www.facebook.com/Microsoft)
  * [ ![Instagram logo](https://prodcmscdn.azureedge.net/careerconnectresources/p/MICRUS/en_us/desktop/assets/images/Instagram-icon.svg) ](https://www.instagram.com/microsoft)

##  What's new

What's new  __

  * [ Surface Pro X  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-x/8vdnrp2m6hhc?activetab=overview)
  * [ Surface Laptop 3  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-laptop-3/8VFGGH1R94TM?activetab=overview)
  * [ Surface Pro 7  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/surface-pro-7/8N17J0M5ZZQS?activetab=overview)
  * [ Windows 10 apps  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/windows-10-apps)
  * [ Office apps  ](https://store.office.com/en-us/appshome.aspx?)

##  Microsoft Store

Microsoft Store  __

  * [ Account profile  ](https://account.microsoft.com/)
  * [ Download Center  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download)
  * [ Microsoft Store support  ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=824761&clcid=0x409)
  * [ Returns  ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/p/?LinkID=824764&clcid=0x409)
  * [ Order tracking  ](https://account.microsoft.com/orders)
  * [ Store locations  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/locations/find-a-store?icid=en-us_UF_FAS)
  * [ Buy online, pick up in store  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/buy-online-pick-up-in-store?icid=uhf_footer_bopuis)
  * [ In-store events  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/locations/events?icid=en_us_store_uhf_events)

##  Education

Education  __

  * [ Microsoft in education  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education)
  * [ Office for students  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/education/products/office/default.aspx)
  * [ Office 365 for schools  ](https://products.office.com/en-us/academic/compare-office-365-education-plans)
  * [ Deals for students & parents  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/store/b/education?icid=CNavfooter_Studentsandeducation)
  * [ Microsoft Azure in education  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/community/education/)

##  Enterprise

Enterprise  __

  * [ Azure  ](https://azure.microsoft.com/)
  * [ AppSource  ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=808093)
  * [ Automotive  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/automotive)
  * [ Government  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/government)
  * [ Healthcare  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/health)
  * [ Manufacturing  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/manufacturing)
  * [ Financial services  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/finance/banking-capital-markets)
  * [ Retail  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/enterprise/retail-consumer-goods)

##  Developer

Developer  __

  * [ Microsoft Visual Studio  ](https://visualstudio.microsoft.com/)
  * [ Windows Dev Center  ](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows)
  * [ Developer Network  ](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [ TechNet  ](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [ Microsoft developer program  ](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/store/register)
  * [ Channel 9  ](https://channel9.msdn.com/)
  * [ Office Dev Center  ](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/office)
  * [ Microsoft Garage  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/garage/)

##  Company

Company  __

  * Careers 
  * [ About Microsoft  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/about)
  * [ Company news  ](https://news.microsoft.com/)
  * [ Privacy at Microsoft  ](https://privacy.microsoft.com/en-us)
  * [ Investors  ](https://www.microsoft.com/investor/default.aspx)
  * [ Diversity and inclusion  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/diversity/)
  * [ Accessibility  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/accessibility)
  * [ Security  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/security/default.aspx)

  * This site is hosted for Microsoft by Phenom People 

  * [ Sitemap  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/sitemap1.aspx)
  * [ Contact Microsoft  ](https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/contactus/)
  * [ Privacy & cookies  ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkId=521839)
  * [ Terms of use  ](https://go.microsoft.com/fwlink/?LinkID=206977)
  * [ Trademarks  ](https://www.microsoft.com/trademarks)
  * [ Safety & eco  ](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/devices/safety-and-eco)
  * [ About our ads  ](https://choice.microsoft.com)
  * © Microsoft 2020 

b39dfa07a5ea4110becfa2f26a9948cf

